Blocktech dev (#13)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: README.md

let deployModuleTransaction: AccountTransaction;
 
const header: AccountTransactionHeader = {
    expiry: new TransactionExpiry(new Date(Date.now() + 3600000)),
    nonce: nextAccountNonce.nonce,
    sender: new AccountAddress(senderAccountAddress),
};

const deployModuleTransaction: AccountTransaction = {
    header: header,
    payload: deployModule as AccountTransactionPayload,
    type: AccountTransactionType.DeployModule,
};
```

Finally, to actually deploy the module to the chain, send the constructed `deployModuleTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (Refer to the _Send Account Transaction_ section for how to do this)

## Init Contract (parameterless smart contract)
The following example demonstrates how to initialize a smart contract from a module, which has already been deployed. 
The name of the contract should be specified, and should include "init_" prefix (So if the contract should be named 'INDBank', then the initName should be "init_INDBank".
In this example, the contract does not take any parameters, so we can leave params as an empty list.  
```js
const initName = 'init_INDBank'; 
const params = [];
```

Create init contract transaction
```js

> const initModule: InitContractPayload = {

Reviewer: Please add maxContractExecutionEnergy to this example.

```

## Update Contract(parameterless smart contract)
The following example demonstrates how to update a smart contract. 

To update a smart contract we create a 'updateContractTransaction'.
To do this we need to specify the name of the receive function, which should contain the contract name as a prefix ( So if the contract has the name "INDBank" and the receive function has the name "insertAmount" then the receiveName should be "INDBank.insertAmount").

We also need to supply the contract address of the contract instance. This consists of an index and a subindex.

In this example, the contract does not take any parameters, so we can leave the parameters as an empty list.  
```js
const receiveName = 'DCBBank.insertAmount';
const contractAddress = { index: BigInt(83), subindex: BigInt(0) } as ContractAddress;
//The amount of energy to execute the transaction
const baseEnergy = 30000n;
```
Create update contract transaction
```js
let updateContractTransaction: AccountTransaction;
const updateContractTransaction: UpdateContractPayload =
{
    amount: new GtuAmount(1000n),
    contractAddress: contractAddress,
    receiveName: receiveName,
    parameter: [],

>     baseEnergyCost: baseEnergy, 

Reviewer: Please also rename this.

// Sign the transaction, the following is just an example, and any method for signing
// with the key can be employed.
const signingKey = '621de9198d274b56eace2f86eb134bfc414f5c566022f281335be0b2d45189845';
const hashToSign = getAccountTransactionSignDigest(deployModuleTransaction);

const signature = Buffer.from(
        await ed.sign(hashToSign, signingKey)
    ).toString('hex');

// The signatures used to sign the transaction must be provided in a structured way,
// so that each signature can be mapped to the credential that signed the transaction.
// In this example we assume the key used was from the credential with index 0, and it
// was the key with index 0.
const signatures: AccountTransactionSignature = {
    0: {
        0: signature,
    },
};

// Send the deploy module transaction to the node.
const result = await client.sendAccountTransaction(
        deployModuleTransaction,
        signatures
    );

// Get the transaction hash and status of the transaction once deploy transaction is sent
const txHash = await getAccountTransactionHash(deployModuleTransaction, signatures);
const transactionStatus = await client.getTransactionStatus(transactionHash);   

> ```

Reviewer: Could you do this for the other two transactions as well?
The reason to change this is what I was trying to explain in https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js/pull/13#discussion_r737504423

Also can you change it to refer to the section, like:
```
[Send Account Transaction](#Send-Account-Transaction)
```

> ```

Reviewer: @omkarwemoveideas Could you also do this for initContract and updateContract, please?

## Update Contract(parameterless smart contract)
The following example demonstrates how to update a smart contract. 

To update a smart contract we create a 'updateContractTransaction'.
To do this we need to specify the name of the receive function, which should contain the contract name as a prefix ( So if the contract has the name "INDBank" and the receive function has the name "insertAmount" then the receiveName should be "INDBank.insertAmount").

We also need to supply the contract address of the contract instance. This consists of an index and a subindex.

In this example, the contract does not take any parameters, so we can leave the parameters as an empty list.  
```js
const receiveName = 'INDBank.insertAmount';
const params = Buffer.from([]);
const contractAddress = { index: BigInt(83), subindex: BigInt(0) } as ContractAddress;
//The amount of energy that can be used for contract execution.
const maxContractExecutionEnergy = 30000n;
```
Create update contract transaction
```js

> const updateContractTransaction: UpdateContractPayload =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const updateModule: UpdateContractPayload =
```
Currently it conflicts with the `AccountTransaction`'s name, and `updateModule` is the name used when constructing the `AccountTransaction`.

}
```

## Deploy module
The following example demonstrates how to deploy a smart contract module.
```js
/**
 *
 * @param filePath for the wasm file moudule
 * @returns Buffer of the wasm file
 */
function getByteArray(filePath: string): Buffer {
    const data = fs.readFileSync(filePath);
    return Buffer.from(data);
}
//To get the buffer of the wasm file from the previous method
const wasmFileBuffer = getByteArray(wasmFilePath) as Buffer;

const deployModule: DeployModulePayload = {

>     tag: ModuleTransactionType.DeployModule,

Reviewer 2: This field does not exist in the interface.

    content: wasmFileBuffer,
    length: wasmFileBuffer.length,
    version: 0,
} as DeployModulePayload;

let deployModuleTransaction: AccountTransaction;
 
const header: AccountTransactionHeader = {
    expiry: new TransactionExpiry(new Date(Date.now() + 3600000)),
    nonce: nextAccountNonce.nonce,
    sender: new AccountAddress(senderAccountAddress),
};

const deployModuleTransaction: AccountTransaction = {
    header: header,
    payload: deployModule as AccountTransactionPayload,
    type: AccountTransactionType.DeployModule,
};
```

> Finally, to actually deploy the module to the chain, send the constructed `deployModuleTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (Refer to the _Send Account Transaction_ section for how to do this)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to actually deploy the module to the chain, send the constructed `deployModuleTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (See [Send Account Transaction](#Send-Account-Transaction) for how to do this)
```

## Init Contract (parameterless smart contract)
The following example demonstrates how to initialize a smart contract from a module, which has already been deployed. 

> The name of the contract should be specified, and should include "init_" prefix (So if the contract should be named 'INDBank', then the initName should be "init_INDBank".

Reviewer 2: I talked with the people here and added a comment elsewhere what has to be changed. So please update the variable name and update the documentation here accordingly.

In this example, the contract does not take any parameters, so we can leave params as an empty list.  
```js
const initName = 'init_INDBank'; 

> const params = [];

Author: @orhoj We will try keep this as it is for now since we have introduced params as different interface where we introduced may things at code so it will be helpful in the next Pull Request but not in this PR

//The amount of energy that can be used for contract execution.
const baseEnergy = 300000n;
```

Create init contract transaction
```js
const initModule: InitContractPayload = {
    amount: new GtuAmount(0n), // Amount to send to the contract. If the smart contract is not payable, set the amount to 0.
    moduleRef: new ModuleReference('a225a5aeb0a5cf9bbc59209e15df030e8cc2c17b8dba08c4bf59f80edaedd8b1'), // Module reference, which can be obtained after deploying a module
    initName: initName,
    parameter: params,
    maxContractExecutionEnergy: baseEnergy
} as InitContractPayload;

let initContractTransaction: AccountTransaction;

const initContractTransaction: AccountTransaction = {
    header: header,
    payload: initModule,
    type: AccountTransactionType.InitializeSmartContractInstance,
};
```

> Finally, to actually deploy the module to the chain, send the constructed `initContractTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (Refer to the _Send Account Transaction_ section for how to do this)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to actually initialize the contract on the chain, send the constructed `initContractTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (See [Send Account Transaction](#Send-Account-Transaction) for how to do this)
```

We also need to supply the contract address of the contract instance. This consists of an index and a subindex.

In this example, the contract does not take any parameters, so we can leave the parameters as an empty list.  
```js
const receiveName = 'DCBBank.insertAmount';
const contractAddress = { index: BigInt(83), subindex: BigInt(0) } as ContractAddress;
//The amount of energy that can be used for contract execution.
const baseEnergy = 30000n;
```
Create update contract transaction
```js
let updateContractTransaction: AccountTransaction;
const updateContractTransaction: UpdateContractPayload =
{
    amount: new GtuAmount(1000n),
    contractAddress: contractAddress,
    receiveName: receiveName,
    parameter: [],
    maxContractExecutionEnergy: baseEnergy
} as UpdateContractPayload;

const updateContractTransaction: AccountTransaction = {
    header: header,
    payload: updateModule,
    type: AccountTransactionType.UpdateSmartContractInstance,
};
```

> Finally, to actually deploy the module to the chain, send the constructed `updateContractTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (Refer to the _Send Account Transaction_ section for how to do this)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to actually update the contract on the chain, send the constructed `updateContractTransaction` to the chain using `sendAccountTransaction`. (See [Send Account Transaction](#Send-Account-Transaction) for how to do this)
```
